# Inheritance

## Architecture

### Restaurant.java

  - Properties:
    - String `name`
    - int `averageRating`
    - String `priceCategory`
    - LinkedList `reviewsList`
  - Constructor
    - *Restaurant* creates a new restaurant with the provided name and priceCategory
  - Methods
    - *addReview* adds a review to the restaurant's list of reviews, then calls *updateAverageRating*.
    - *updateAverageRating* iterates through the restaurant's list of reviews, sums their ratings, and divides by the total number of reviews to get the average rating.
    - *getAllReviews* first determines if the review list has any entries; if yes, it returns an empty string. If no, it starts with an output string containing one newline. It then iterates through the restaurant's list of reviews and calls *Review.toReviewString* on each, and adds each resulting string, followed by a newline, to the output string.
    - *toRestString* concatenates the restaurant's name, rating, and price category, followed by the string returned from *getAllReviews*.

### Review.java

- Properties
  - String `body`
  - String `author`
  - int `rating`
  - Restaurant `restaurant`
- Constructor
  - *Review* creates a new review with the provided body, author, rating, and restaurant
- Methods
  - *toReviewString* concatenates the review body, rating, and author

## Testing

- *testRestaurantConstructor* confirms that the name property of the generated restaurant matches the input/expected name
- *testToRestStringNoReviews* confirms that the string generated by *Restaurant.toRestString* when no reviews are present matches the following format: "<restaurant name>: <average rating> stars, <price category>"
- *testToRestStringWithReviews* adds reviews to the test restaurant. It first confirms that the string generated by *Restaurant.toRestString* when reviews are present matches the following format: "<restaurant name>: <average rating> stars, <price category>", followed by a new line, followed by each review on a separate line. It then confirms that the restaurant's average rating has been updated appropriately.
- *testReviewConstructor* confirms that the body, author, and rating properties of the generated review match the input
- *testReviewString* confirms that the string generated by *Review.toReviewString* matches the following format: "<body> | <rating> stars. -<author>"
- *testAddReview* confirms that after adding a single review to a restaurant, the review list is not empty and the new head node points to the old head (aka null).